# Project Description
This project uses the ISRD-2 dataset to understand the prevalence of Prevalence and Factors Contributing to Delinquent Behavior Among Adolescents. This is a data visualization project developed using Tableau.

It is a data visualization project where the analysis was done on the ISRD-2 survey dataset. The motivation for this project was to explore the various factors like family structure, socioeconomic status, age, gender, school engagement, and geographic locations associated with the prevalence of delinquent behavior. Five different visualizations namely a donut chart, tree map, highlighted tables, Normalized Stacked bar graph, and Choropleth map were created, which told the story about each of the factors mentioned in the motivation. All these visualizations were created using Tableau, which effectively communicated the motivation, and all these visualizations were connected in such a way that they would tell a story to the user, as and when the user progressed to each of these visualizations. It is a data visualization project where the analysis was done on the ISRD-2 survey dataset. The motivation for this project was to explore the various factors like family structure, socioeconomic status, age, gender, school engagement, and geographic locations associated with the prevalence of delinquent behavior. Five different visualizations namely a donut chart, tree map, highlighted tables, Normalized Stacked bar graph, and Choropleth map were created, which told the story about each of the factors mentioned in the motivation. All these visualizations were created using Tableau, which effectively communicated the motivation, and all these visualizations were connected in such a way that they would tell a story to the user, as and when the user progressed to each of these visualizations.

Skills: Exploratory Data Analysis · Tableau · Data Visualization
